README.md, before:

# MTAAC CDLI UR III Corpus
CDLI Ur III materials for the MTAAC project

## License : Public Domain Mark 1.0
No Copyright

This work has been identified as being free of known restrictions under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights.

You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. See Other Information below.

### Other Information
The work may not be free of known copyright restrictions in all jurisdictions.
Persons may have other rights in or related to the work, such as patent or trademark rights, and others may have rights in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.
In some jurisdictions moral rights of the author may persist beyond the term of copyright. These rights may include the right to be identified as the author and the right to object to derogatory treatments.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who identified the work makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
When using or citing the work, you should not imply endorsement by the author or the person who identified the work.

https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/mark/1.0/


### Citation
If you use this data in any way in academic context, authors must be cited.

Commit message:

Changed the license from CC0 "Mark" to "Universal"

README.md, after:

# MTAAC CDLI UR III Corpus
CDLI Ur III materials for the MTAAC project

## CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) - Public Domain Dedication
No Copyright. This license is acceptable for Free Cultural Works. The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.

You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. See Other Information below.

### Other Information
In no way are the patent or trademark rights of any person affected by CC0, nor are the rights that other persons may have in the work or in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a work with this deed makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. When using or citing the work, you should not imply endorsement by the author or the affirmer.

### Citation
If you use this data in any way in academic context, authors must be cited.
